Improve the Nagstamon docs (#1786)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/nagstamon.html.md

- Go in to the Settings
- Select the "Actions" tab
- Delete all the existing actions (SSH, RDP, ...)
- Click "New action..."
- Select "Command" as the Action type.
- Put "SSH " as the Name
- The command depends on what operating system you're using:
    - For MacOS, enter the following command in the "String" field:
        - `osascript -e 'tell app "Terminal" to do script "~/govuk/govuk-guix/bin/govuk connect ssh --hosting-and-environment-from-alert-url $MONITOR$ $ADDRESS$"'`
        - This assumes you have the `govuk-guix` Git repository cloned in

>           the usual location, and that you've got `govuk connect` working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         `~/govuk/govuk-guix`, and that you've got `govuk connect` working.
```

Think this would improve it, but not essential 👍
